## Overviews of the Findings in Each Graph
plot1.png - This first plot looks at the amount of NFL starters that were ruled out since 2014 filtered by position. The graph shows that over the past 12 years, cornerbacks are the most injured position while longsnapper is the least injured position. 

plot2.png - The next plot looks at the proportion of NFL starters who were ruled out since 2014 also filtered by position. While the first graph does show how much a position gets injured, it doesn't take into account the amount of players for each position that are on the field. After finding the proportions (total number of NFL starters ruled out by position / total number of NFL starters by position), we can see that CB is still the most susceptible to injury. However, after that, the order starts to change. Tight End becomes the second most likely position to be injured as opposed to Linebacker in the first graph.

plot3.png - The third plot looks at the most common injury for each position as well as the total count of that specific injury. Looking at the graph, its clear that the glaring problems are promdominetly leg injuries, and concussions as well. These have been by far the biggest issues for years in the NFL. Some of the problems that are causes of this are the helmet technology, player safety rules, and field conditions such as turf. If these variables can be fixed, then I believe that we will see a big drop in total injuries in the NFL.

plot4.png - The last one is a line plot that looks at total injuries among NFL starters by year. Other than the drop in numbers during the COVID years, injuries in the NFL are increasing at an alarming rate. I believe this is primarily due to the issues I mentioned earlier as well as load management. With our advancement in technology and knowledge since 2014, we should be reducing the amount of players getting injured, not increasing them. With the information from this graph, its clear the player safety should be the number one concern for the NFL.
